# SampleAngularApp

Dependencies:
any latest browser //tested in google chorme
nodejs v7.1+ npm 
angular-cli
git-scm //optional
//Other dependencies are installed on "npm install" command execution. 

The project is built on top of a webpack scaffold, generated by using Angular CLI tool [ ng new "project_name" --styles=scss ]
For now we are using scss without any critical reason. The only feature we used on scss is nested style structures. For more complex projects scss would be a much better solution over plain css.

Steps to launch the application:

1) After cloning the project, use command line to cd to the project directory
2) Execute command "npm install" from within the directory to download all dependencies
3) Make sure the "npm install" execution didnt fail with errors on dependency installation. Optional dependency failures causing warnings are not a threat for now.
4) Execute ng serve -p 82 
5) Use a browser eg: google chorme and access http://localhost:82 for accessing the application.

Note: As per the requirements, there are only 3 currency types supported now EUR, CAD and USD
Converted Amount field is readonly and will convert the source value on currency change or value change. There are 3 instances of the Currency Converter component used in the application as per the requirement. No redux or other goodies are used.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
